Add suppression case to CA1052 (#5543)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/code-quality/ca1052.md

## When to suppress warnings

> Suppress a warning from this rule if:
> 
> 1. The type is designed to be inherited. The absence of the `static` modifier suggests that the type is useful as a base type.
> 2. The type is used in as a type argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is fine to suppress violations in following cases:

1. The type is designed to be inherited. The absence of the `static` modifier suggests that the type is useful as a base type.
2. The type is designed to be used as a type argument. Static types cannot be used as type arguments.
```
